W-14332237-Docs x12 2.12.0 (#2388)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: x12-edi/2.12/modules/ROOT/pages/x12-edi-connector-reference.adoc

| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB |Unit for the *Initial Buffer Size*, *Buffer Size Increment*, and *Max Buffer Size* fields. |  |
|===

[[repeatable-file-store-stream]]
== Repeatable File Store Stream Type

Configures the repeatable file-store streaming strategy by which Mule keeps a portion of the stream content in memory. If the stream content is larger than the configured buffer size, Mule backs up the buffer’s content to disk and then clears the memory.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Max In Memory Size a| Number | Maximum memory size. If more memory is consumed, then the connector buffers the content on disk. |  |
| Buffer Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** BYTE
** KB
** MB
** GB | Unit for the *Max In Memory Size* field. |  |
|===

== System Properties

You can configure the following system property for the connector:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Property | Description | Default Value
| `strictValidationOfYear`| Enables strict validation for the year `0000`. If `true`, the year `0000` is invalid. | false
|===

> For more information about system properties, see https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.4/mule-app-properties-system[System Properties].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about system properties, refer to xref:mule-runtime::mule-app-properties-system.adoc[System Properties].
```
